#Sonar Scoverage Plugin#

Plugin for [SonarQube] 4+ that imports statement coverage generated by [Scoverage] for Scala projects.

## Installation ##

Download and copy sonar-scoverage-plugin-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar to the Sonar plugins directory
(usually <SONAR_INSTALLATION_ROOT>/extensions/plugins). Restart Sonar.

## Configure Sonar runner ##

Set location of the **scoverage.xml** file in the **sonar-project.properties** located in your project's
root directory:

    ...
    sonar.scoverage.reportPath=target/scala-2.10/scoverage-report/scoverage.xml
    ...

## Run Scoverage and Sonar runner ##

If your project is based on SBT and you're using [Scoverage plugin for SBT] [sbt-scoverage] you can
generate the Scoverage report by executing following from command line:

    sbt clean scoverage:test

And then run Sonar runner to upload the report to the Sonar server:

    sonar-runner

## Add statement coverage columns ##

To see the actual statement coverage percentage you need to log in to Sonar as admin.
Click **Components** section on the left side, then click **Customize ON** in the top-right corner and then
add **Statement coverage** column.

## Add widget ##

You can also add **Statement coverage widget** to your project's dashboard. Log in to Sonar as admin. Go to
the project dashboard, click **Configure widgets** in the top-right corner, click **Add widget** button in
the **Custom Measures** section. Click **Edit** in the newly added **Custom Measures** widget and choose
**Statement coverage** for **Metric 1**. Click **Save**, **Back to dashboard**. Enjoy.

[SonarQube]: http://www.sonarqube.org/ "SonarQube"
[Scoverage]: https://github.com/scoverage/scalac-scoverage-plugin "Scoverage"
[sbt-scoverage]: https://github.com/scoverage/sbt-scoverage